README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Monero Pool Search</h1>
<div align="center">
  
**[Pools that it supports](https://github.com/Michael-Meade/xmr_pools/blob/main/README.md#pools-that-it-currently-supports) • 
[About](https://github.com/Michael-Meade/xmr_pools/blob/main/README.md#About) • 
[Installing gems](https://github.com/Michael-Meade/xmr_pools/blob/main/README.md#Installing-gems) • 
[Installation](https://github.com/Michael-Meade/xmr_pools/blob/main/README.md#Installation) • 
[Build gem](https://github.com/Michael-Meade/xmr_pools/blob/main/README.md#Build-gem) •
[Help](https://github.com/Michael-Meade/xmr_pools/blob/main/README.md#Help-Menu) •
[License](https://github.com/Michael-Meade/xmr_pools/blob/main/README.md#License)**
</div>

# Pools that it currently supports
* supportxmr.com
* minexmr.com
* hashvault.pro
* nanopool.org
* 2miners.com
* MoneroHash.com
* xmrpool.eu

# About
This tool purpose is to allow the user to search a buncn of different Monero mining pools for a certain address. The script will then add up Monero that was mined and display the results. When I dig into files that were dropped on my honey pot, I often run into malware that tries to mine Monero on my VPS. This script could be used to get a better idea on how much profit the malicious miner has mined using its victims machines.


# Installing gems manually 
```ruby
gem install gruff
gem install terminal-table
gem install httparty
```
# Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'xmrpoolsearch'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle install

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install xmrpoolsearch

# Build Gem

# Help Menu
```ruby
ruby search.rb --h
```

# Print Table
```ruby
ruby search.rb --addr 4A3UaV5a2kZLd8dNBPDMA7BBhJGyCxcFVip3rJCgnhcciSzempVCwB4AZGf3KNWVeEihAGoF4ZYhhU6bePeEP3eh9ke26P7 --pt
```

# Save Results in Bar Graph
```ruby
ruby search.rb --addr 4A3UaV5a2kZLd8dNBPDMA7BBhJGyCxcFVip3rJCgnhcciSzempVCwB4AZGf3KNWVeEihAGoF4ZYhhU6bePeEP3eh9ke26P7 --gruff
```

# Get Total
```ruby
ruby search.rb --addr 4A3UaV5a2kZLd8dNBPDMA7BBhJGyCxcFVip3rJCgnhcciSzempVCwB4AZGf3KNWVeEihAGoF4ZYhhU6bePeEP3eh9ke26P7 --total
```
# List Results
```ruby
ruby search.rb --addr 4A3UaV5a2kZLd8dNBPDMA7BBhJGyCxcFVip3rJCgnhcciSzempVCwB4AZGf3KNWVeEihAGoF4ZYhhU6bePeEP3eh9ke26P7 --list
```

# Print table & get total
```ruby
ruby search.rb --addr 4A3UaV5a2kZLd8dNBPDMA7BBhJGyCxcFVip3rJCgnhcciSzempVCwB4AZGf3KNWVeEihAGoF4ZYhhU6bePeEP3eh9ke26P7 --pt --total
```

# License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

<div align="center">
  
**[Pools that it supports](https://github.com/Michael-Meade/xmr_pools/blob/main/README.md#pools-that-it-currently-supports) • 
[About](https://github.com/Michael-Meade/xmr_pools/blob/main/README.md#About) • 
[Installing gems](https://github.com/Michael-Meade/xmr_pools/blob/main/README.md#Installing-gems) • 
[Help](https://github.com/Michael-Meade/xmr_pools/blob/main/README.md#Help-Menu)**

</div>

# Pools that it currently supports
* supportxmr.com
* minexmr.com
* hashvault.pro
* nanopool.org
* 2miners.com
* MoneroHash.com
* xmrpool.eu

# About
This tool purpose is to allow the user to search a buncn of different Monero mining pools for a certain address. The script will then add up Monero that was mined and display the results. When I dig into files that were dropped on my honey pot, I often run into malware that tries to mine Monero on my VPS. This script could be used to get a better idea on how much profit the malicious miner has mined using its victims machines.


# Installing gems
```ruby
gem install gruff
gem install terminal-table
gem install httparty
```

# Help Menu
```ruby
ruby xmr.rb --h
```

# Print Table
```ruby
ruby xmr.rb --addr 4A3UaV5a2kZLd8dNBPDMA7BBhJGyCxcFVip3rJCgnhcciSzempVCwB4AZGf3KNWVeEihAGoF4ZYhhU6bePeEP3eh9ke26P7 --pt
```

# Save Results in Bar Graph
```ruby
ruby xmr.rb --addr 4A3UaV5a2kZLd8dNBPDMA7BBhJGyCxcFVip3rJCgnhcciSzempVCwB4AZGf3KNWVeEihAGoF4ZYhhU6bePeEP3eh9ke26P7 --gruff
```

# Get Total
```ruby
ruby xmr.rb --addr 4A3UaV5a2kZLd8dNBPDMA7BBhJGyCxcFVip3rJCgnhcciSzempVCwB4AZGf3KNWVeEihAGoF4ZYhhU6bePeEP3eh9ke26P7 --total
```
# List Results
```ruby
ruby xmr.rb --addr 4A3UaV5a2kZLd8dNBPDMA7BBhJGyCxcFVip3rJCgnhcciSzempVCwB4AZGf3KNWVeEihAGoF4ZYhhU6bePeEP3eh9ke26P7 --list
```

# Print table & get total
```ruby
ruby xmr.rb --addr 4A3UaV5a2kZLd8dNBPDMA7BBhJGyCxcFVip3rJCgnhcciSzempVCwB4AZGf3KNWVeEihAGoF4ZYhhU6bePeEP3eh9ke26P7 --pt --total
```

Commit message:

Added stuff to the readme. put back the lib.rb file.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Monero Pool Search</h1>
<div align="center">
  
**[Pools that it supports](https://github.com/Michael-Meade/xmr_pools/blob/main/README.md#pools-that-it-currently-supports) • 
[About](https://github.com/Michael-Meade/xmr_pools/blob/main/README.md#About) • 
[Installing gems](https://github.com/Michael-Meade/xmr_pools/blob/main/README.md#Installing-gems) • 
[Installation](https://github.com/Michael-Meade/xmr_pools/blob/main/README.md#Installation) • 
[Build gem](https://github.com/Michael-Meade/xmr_pools/blob/main/README.md#Build-gem) •
[Help](https://github.com/Michael-Meade/xmr_pools/blob/main/README.md#Help-Menu) •
[License](https://github.com/Michael-Meade/xmr_pools/blob/main/README.md#License)**
</div>

# Pools that it currently supports
* supportxmr.com
* minexmr.com
* hashvault.pro
* nanopool.org
* 2miners.com
* MoneroHash.com
* xmrpool.eu

# About
This tool purpose is to allow the user to search a buncn of different Monero mining pools for a certain address. The script will then add up Monero that was mined and display the results. When I dig into files that were dropped on my honey pot, I often run into malware that tries to mine Monero on my VPS. This script could be used to get a better idea on how much profit the malicious miner has mined using its victims machines.


# Installing gems manually 
```ruby
gem install gruff
gem install terminal-table
gem install httparty
```
Note that if you install the gem all these gems will be automatically installed. 

# Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'xmrpoolsearch'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle install

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install xmrpoolsearch

# Build Gem
```ruby
    sudo gem build xmrpoolsearch.gemspec
```
This will build the gem form scratch. You might need to delete the current versioned .gem file for the gem to be built. If you do not want to build the gem from scratch you can skip the build command and just use the install command below.  
```ruby
    sudo gem install xmrpoolsearch-0.1.0.gem
```
This will install the gem on your system. This is needed to use the code. If you do not want to install the gem you can use the `lib.rb` file. To use, put `require_relative 'lib'` on the first line of file and you can do the same stuff. 

# Help Menu
```ruby
ruby search.rb --h
```

# Print Table
```ruby
ruby search.rb --addr 4A3UaV5a2kZLd8dNBPDMA7BBhJGyCxcFVip3rJCgnhcciSzempVCwB4AZGf3KNWVeEihAGoF4ZYhhU6bePeEP3eh9ke26P7 --pt
```

# Save Results in Bar Graph
```ruby
ruby search.rb --addr 4A3UaV5a2kZLd8dNBPDMA7BBhJGyCxcFVip3rJCgnhcciSzempVCwB4AZGf3KNWVeEihAGoF4ZYhhU6bePeEP3eh9ke26P7 --gruff
```

# Get Total
```ruby
ruby search.rb --addr 4A3UaV5a2kZLd8dNBPDMA7BBhJGyCxcFVip3rJCgnhcciSzempVCwB4AZGf3KNWVeEihAGoF4ZYhhU6bePeEP3eh9ke26P7 --total
```
# List Results
```ruby
ruby search.rb --addr 4A3UaV5a2kZLd8dNBPDMA7BBhJGyCxcFVip3rJCgnhcciSzempVCwB4AZGf3KNWVeEihAGoF4ZYhhU6bePeEP3eh9ke26P7 --list
```

# Print table & get total
```ruby
ruby search.rb --addr 4A3UaV5a2kZLd8dNBPDMA7BBhJGyCxcFVip3rJCgnhcciSzempVCwB4AZGf3KNWVeEihAGoF4ZYhhU6bePeEP3eh9ke26P7 --pt --total
```

# License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

<div align="center">
  
**[Pools that it supports](https://github.com/Michael-Meade/xmr_pools/blob/main/README.md#pools-that-it-currently-supports) • 
[About](https://github.com/Michael-Meade/xmr_pools/blob/main/README.md#About) • 
[Installing gems](https://github.com/Michael-Meade/xmr_pools/blob/main/README.md#Installing-gems) • 
[Help](https://github.com/Michael-Meade/xmr_pools/blob/main/README.md#Help-Menu)**

</div>

# Pools that it currently supports
* supportxmr.com
* minexmr.com
* hashvault.pro
* nanopool.org
* 2miners.com
* MoneroHash.com
* xmrpool.eu

# About
This tool purpose is to allow the user to search a buncn of different Monero mining pools for a certain address. The script will then add up Monero that was mined and display the results. When I dig into files that were dropped on my honey pot, I often run into malware that tries to mine Monero on my VPS. This script could be used to get a better idea on how much profit the malicious miner has mined using its victims machines.


# Installing gems
```ruby
gem install gruff
gem install terminal-table
gem install httparty
```

# Help Menu
```ruby
ruby xmr.rb --h
```

# Print Table
```ruby
ruby xmr.rb --addr 4A3UaV5a2kZLd8dNBPDMA7BBhJGyCxcFVip3rJCgnhcciSzempVCwB4AZGf3KNWVeEihAGoF4ZYhhU6bePeEP3eh9ke26P7 --pt
```

# Save Results in Bar Graph
```ruby
ruby xmr.rb --addr 4A3UaV5a2kZLd8dNBPDMA7BBhJGyCxcFVip3rJCgnhcciSzempVCwB4AZGf3KNWVeEihAGoF4ZYhhU6bePeEP3eh9ke26P7 --gruff
```

# Get Total
```ruby
ruby xmr.rb --addr 4A3UaV5a2kZLd8dNBPDMA7BBhJGyCxcFVip3rJCgnhcciSzempVCwB4AZGf3KNWVeEihAGoF4ZYhhU6bePeEP3eh9ke26P7 --total
```
# List Results
```ruby
ruby xmr.rb --addr 4A3UaV5a2kZLd8dNBPDMA7BBhJGyCxcFVip3rJCgnhcciSzempVCwB4AZGf3KNWVeEihAGoF4ZYhhU6bePeEP3eh9ke26P7 --list
```

# Print table & get total
```ruby
ruby xmr.rb --addr 4A3UaV5a2kZLd8dNBPDMA7BBhJGyCxcFVip3rJCgnhcciSzempVCwB4AZGf3KNWVeEihAGoF4ZYhhU6bePeEP3eh9ke26P7 --pt --total
```
